add AsTable wrapper, disallow NamedTuple in ByRow (#2183)
JuliaData/DataFrames.jl: docs/src/man/getting_started.md

```

`transform` and `transform!` functions work identically to `select` and `select!` with the only difference that

> they retain all columns that are present in the source data frame. Here are some more advanced examples:

Reviewer: Can we add a `rowmean`-esque example in these docs?

Author: added - it is showing the ability to infer collection type even if all elements are `missing` as you wanted.

Author: However, this functionality is not for Julia 1.0 users :(.

Author: added

```

`transform` and `transform!` functions work identically to `select` and `select!` with the only difference that
they retain all columns that are present in the source data frame. Here are some more advanced examples.

> First we show how to generate a column that is a sum of all other columns in the data frame using `All()` selector:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
First we show how to generate a column that is a sum of all other columns in the data frame
using the `All()` selector:
```

│ 1   │ 1     │ 3     │ 5     │ 9         │
│ 2   │ 2     │ 4     │ 6     │ 12        │
```
Here we wrap rows of the data frame into a `NamedTuple` while remembering

> source column names.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
source column names:
```

│ 1   │ 1     │ 3     │ 5     │ 9         │
│ 2   │ 2     │ 4     │ 6     │ 12        │
```

> With this approach, we can easily compute for each row the name of column with the highest score:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using the `ByRow` wrapper, we can easily compute for each row the name of column with the highest score:
```

 (x1 = 1, x2 = 3, y = 5)
 (x1 = 2, x2 = 4, y = 6)
```

> Now assume that a data frame `df` contains predictions from a model producing scores
> for three levels `a`, `b` and `c` of a nominar target variable.
> For each row we want to get the level with the highest score.

Reviewer 2: I'd avoid the context, finding the column with the highest value can happen in many situations, no need to justify.
```suggestion
With this approach, we can easily compute for each row the name of column with the highest score:
```

```
julia> using Random

julia> Random.seed!(1);

julia> df = DataFrame(rand(10, 3), [:a, :b, :c])
10×3 DataFrame
│ Row │ a          │ b         │ c         │
│     │ Float64    │ Float64   │ Float64   │
├─────┼────────────┼───────────┼───────────┤
│ 1   │ 0.236033   │ 0.555751  │ 0.0769509 │
│ 2   │ 0.346517   │ 0.437108  │ 0.640396  │
│ 3   │ 0.312707   │ 0.424718  │ 0.873544  │
│ 4   │ 0.00790928 │ 0.773223  │ 0.278582  │
│ 5   │ 0.488613   │ 0.28119   │ 0.751313  │
│ 6   │ 0.210968   │ 0.209472  │ 0.644883  │
│ 7   │ 0.951916   │ 0.251379  │ 0.0778264 │
│ 8   │ 0.999905   │ 0.0203749 │ 0.848185  │
│ 9   │ 0.251662   │ 0.287702  │ 0.0856352 │
│ 10  │ 0.986666   │ 0.859512  │ 0.553206  │

> julia> transform(df, AsTable(:) => ByRow(argmax) => :prediction)

Reviewer 2: This example is really cool!
